# Multi Node Threaded Matrix Multiplication
This implementation includes distributing the matrix multiplication algorithm to multiple nodes. The structure invloves two types of nodes: Coordinators and Workers. Coordinators are responsible for pooling the availble Workers that announce themseleves to the Coordinator. The Coordinator then splits the matrix up and sends the partial matricies that each Worker needs to perform its individual computation. Each split is recorded as a task in a task queue to keep track of each computation that is needed. The Worker requests the resources and then computes the resultant sub matrix. The Worker then sends the result back to the Coordinator. Once the Coordinator has finished assigning all of the tasks in the task queue, it kills the Workers and finishes the computation. 

Grpc operates through protocol buffers, servers, and stubs. Stubs are initialized on the client application and can send messages to the server application. Servers can accept messages and have services implemented to handle client calls and to return specific messages back. For our implementation, the Coordinater has three services that the Worker can call though an interface. Each call made to the Coordinater by a Worker sends a message that can be translated on both sides. Once a call is made, the Coordinator will send back the approprate response. An example would be the discoverWorker function that accepts a DiscoverRequest message from the client and returns a DiscoverResult message from the server. Each message can be populated by various fields that are defined in the proto file. 
